So what can we do to evaluate a post fix expression?
We can create a stack and scan the expression
and if the scanned element is an operand, push it into
stack.
So 1 2 5 are pushed into the stack
And if the scanned element is an operator, pop last two
elements from the stack and evaluate the expression using the
operator scanned and then push the result back into the stack
So here the next character scanned is an operator
So pop two times. So pop five and two and calculate
5*2 and push the result 10 into the
stack and continue the process.
So the next element scanned here is again an operator +
so pop two times from stack
So ten and one are popped.
Then calculate 10+1 and push the result 11
into the stack
And the next character in the expression is null character
so we can stop
And the value that is in this stack is our
final result.